fix: making version non-default (#213)
DataDog/substrait-explain: API.md

- `-i, --input <FILE>` - Input file (default: stdin)
- `-o, --output <FILE>` - Output file (default: stdout)
- `--show-literal-types` - Show type annotations on literals

> - `--show-plan-version` - Show the plan's Substrait version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--detailed` - Show more detail on plans, including type annotations and plan version
```

Let's make this one option rather than two.

- `-i, --input <FILE>` - Input file (default: stdin)
- `-o, --output <FILE>` - Output file (default: stdout)

> - `--show-plan-version` - Show the plan's Substrait version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's drop this, it doesn't make much sense as part of `validate`
